## Moccasin Fundamentals

Welcome back to the Moccasin and Python Fundamental Section, where you're going to learn how to build and deploy even more advanced Vyper smart contracts, using some really powerful Python tools. The main tool that we're going to be working with is this tool called Moccasin, which is a smart contract developer framework. We're going to be teaching you the same tools that the pros use. So, buckle up and let's get froggy!

Remix is a phenomenal tool, but pretty soon we're going to be moving over to this tool called Moccasin, which is going to give us a more professional setup for deploying and testing and working with our smart contracts.

However, before we do that, we're actually going to teach you how to do a lot of the basics with raw Python. With no frameworks, no nothing, just Python and Vyper, that's it. And this is incredibly helpful for you as a learner because you will learn what's going on under the hood of Moccasin, and then additionally, if ever you want to do something yourself, do something manually, you can come back and just do it right in Python.

Additionally, you will also learn a lot of the basics of Python here as well, and how we work with Python in Updraft. I'm going to be teaching you a lot of modern best practices for working with Python that I think are going to help you in the long run, help you really understand what's going on that a lot of other Python tutorials kind of skip over sometimes. And similar to everything that we've been working with so far, all of the code for all of our examples are going to be in the GitHub repo associated with this course.

Now, you might be asking a pretty astute question here. You might be saying, "Hey, uh Patrick, why are we even going to this other tool? Why are we even going to Moccasin? Remix is working great. Like, I'm able to deploy contracts, what are you talking about?" Here's what the issue is. We had to do a lot of manual work to do anything with Remix. If I wanted to deploy this contract, I would have to go okay, first, I got to go compile it. And, I got to wait for the compile. Okay, cool. And then, I go to the run tab. Well, let's say I didn't have this contract in here. I have to okay I got to switch to the correct network that I want to be at. Okay, cool, I got to Okay, let's grab the price feed. Let's okay, then I deployed it. Um let me look in here, uh hoops, I I made a mistake. Okay, I got to un- delete that. I got to come in here you know make my change whatever it is. I got to come back. I got to re- compile. I got to go back, hit the deploy, and then I got to paste this back in or uh I don't have the write address, paste it in. Okay, maybe I maybe I make a new function or something, okay, I want to see if it actually works. I go re- deploy, I go check it works. After some time, let's say you have a 1,000 different functions and you want to test that they're all still working, when you go back and you make some small change, you don't want to have to press every single button. Press deploy. Press get contract. Make sure all your new functions are working. It's going to take you forever to get anything done in Remix. So, we want a framework that automates all of this for us, and so that we can make sure we test every single part of our code base in a reproducible manner. Smart contracts are fickle. If you have a bug, it can be a disaster. It can ruin your entire smart contract. So, we want a way to interact with test, deploy, script, and all of that stuff in a more programmatic autonomous way, rather than us manually clicking buttons. In Moccasin, we can do all of that in one command, in one click.

Like I said, we're going to be teaching you Python and Titanoboa first, and then we're going to be moving over to Moccasin.
