## Project Setup

We are once again in our `mox-cu` folder and we're going to create a new project called `mox-nft-cu`. 

```bash
mkdir mox-nft-cu
cd mox-nft-cu
```

We'll do a `mox init --vscode --pyproject` to initialize the project with Visual Studio Code.

```bash
mox init --vscode --pyproject
```

After the command runs, we'll open the folder in Visual Studio Code by running:

```bash
code .
```

You can also do this by going to `File > Open` and selecting the folder in your file explorer. We'll then open Visual Studio Code in a new window.

Next, we'll delete the default files generated by `mox init` so we can start with a clean slate. We'll also open the `README.md` file to add a description of what we will be building.

We will be creating two NFTs. The first is a basic NFT, to get familiar with the basics of creating NFTs. The second is a more advanced NFT that will have a dynamic image.  We will call this the `mood` NFT.  The image will change depending on a `mood` parameter.  If the parameter is set to `happy`, then we'll display a smiley face image. If the parameter is `sad`, then we'll display a frowning face.

```bash
cd images/dynamic/
```

We'll then open the `happy.svg` and `sad.svg` files in our browser to view them. 

```bash
cd ..
```

We can then create the two NFT contracts to fulfill our needs.

```bash
mox create mood-nft
mox create basic-nft
```

Let's create a script to deploy both of these NFTs.

```bash
mox create deploy-script
```

Now let's open the `deploy-script.py` file:

```bash
cd script
code deploy.py
```

We'll edit `deploy-script.py` and include the following code:

```python
from src.mocassin.tools import Counter
from boa.contracts.vyper_contract import VyperContract

def deploy() -> VyperContract:
    counter: Counter = Counter.deploy()
    print("Starting count:", counter.number())
    counter.increment()
    print("Ending count:", counter.number())
    return counter

def moccasin_main() -> VyperContract:
    return deploy()
```

