---
title: Foundry zkSync
---

_Follow along with the video_

---

<a name="top"></a>

In this lesson, we'll explore Layer 2 deployment on ZK Sync, which involves a different compilation method compared to Ethereum. This difference arises because ZK Sync uses unique opcodes. While Solidity code behaves similarly on both platforms, the low-level outputs generated by Foundry in the `/out` folder will not be entirely compatible with the ZK Sync VM.

### Foundry zkSync

To get started with zkSync, we will follow these three steps:

1. 🛠️ Install `foundry-zksync`
2. 🧑‍💻 Compile the Solidity contract with the `--zksync` flag
3. 🔄🏠 Reinstall the original Vanilla Foundry

> 👀❗**IMPORTANT** <br>
> Installing `foundry-zksync` will override any existing Foundry binaries, such as `forge` and `cast`.

The GitHub resources for this course contain a link to the [Foundry zkSync repository](https://github.com/Cyfrin/foundry-full-course-cu?tab=readme-ov-file#compiling-to-zksync-in-foundry-zksync). `foundry-zksync` is a fork of Foundry tailored for the zkSync environment. The [repository](https://github.com/matter-labs/foundry-zksync) includes quick install instructions to help you set up the tool.

- First, clone the Foundry zkSync repository in a different directory from your Foundry project. Use the `git clone` command to clone the repository locally on your computer.

- Once cloned, navigate to the created Foundry zkSync directory and run the installation command:

  ```
  ./install-foundry-zksync
  ```

  This command requires a Unix-like environment, such as WSL on Windows, or a Mac or Linux system. After running the command, verify the installation by checking the version with `forge --version`. A different version number will indicate the successful installation of Foundry ZK Sync.

- To keep your environment flexible, you can switch to Foundry zkSync by running `foundryup-zksync`. After using it, it's recommended to switch back to Vanilla Foundry by running the `foundryup` command. This removes ZK Sync-specific flags and settings, allowing you to easily toggle between Foundry ZK Sync and Vanilla Foundry as needed.
  [Back to top](#top)
