## 7 Triage Steps for This Course (and Real Life!)

We're going to learn a bit more about different tools and techniques we can use when we get stuck. We'll cover tools like ChatGPT and forums to ask questions, as well as Google Search for finding information, and Stack Exchange or Peeranha for posting questions.

### 7 Triage Steps

1. **Limit self-triage to 15-20 minutes.** For instance, if we're trying to compile our `PriceConverter.sol` file and we've forgotten to add an address, we'll go ahead and compile, but then we'll get this error:

```python
TypeError: Exactly one argument expected for explicit type conversion.
    --> PriceConverter.sol:15:43:
15 |  AggregatorV3Interface priceFeed = AggregatorV3Interface(
    |                                          ^ (Relevant source part starts here and spans across multiple lines.)
```

This error should be pretty obvious: "exactly one argument expected", and we just need to remove that argument. But maybe you're having a really hard time and can't seem to figure it out. Limit yourself to 15-20 minutes, so you don't get stuck for so long that you can't figure anything out. Something like this would be very easy for us to compile, copy the error, go to ChatGPT, and say something like, "Hey, I'm getting an error compiling my solidity. Here is the error:

```python
TypeError: Exactly one argument expected for explicit type conversion.
    --> PriceConverter.sol:15:43:
15 |  AggregatorV3Interface priceFeed = AggregatorV3Interface(
    |                                          ^ (Relevant source part starts here and spans across multiple lines.)
```

It'll probably give us the answer. And, sure enough, the error message suggests that you need to provide an address when using explicit type conversion to create an `AggregatorV3Interface` instance. You're missing the address of the deployed Chainlink Price Feed contract. To fix the error, provide the contract address as an argument when creating the instance.

2. **Don't be afraid to ask AI, but don't skip learning.** The purpose of this course is for you to be able to learn everything here. AI is going to get things wrong, and it's only the people who actually have learned what's going on under the hood who are going to be able to call out when AI gets something wrong. When AI gets something wrong, it does something called "hallucinate", and we talked a bit about that in that AI video we just watched. So, hallucinations are when the AI makes something up that it thinks is right, but it's completely wrong, and that's something we absolutely need to watch out for when we're coding and when we're learning.

3. **Use the forums!** Web3Education.dev will have a place for you to ask questions, but in the meantime, definitely be sure to use the Foundry full course discussions. Use this to your advantage. And, use this to help other people out who have questions. This is a community project, we're all going to be helping each other out learning.

4. **Google the exact error.** If AI doesn't know, and the forums doesn't have the answer, Google the exact error. Maybe somebody else has come across this error previously, asked a question online, and you can just Google it.

5. **Post in Stack Exchange or Peeranha.** And, like we said in that AI video, you want to use Markdown and format your questions as best as possible. So, if you're unfamiliar with how to use Markdown, if you're unfamiliar with how to format your questions, again, please be sure to ask ChatGPT or some other AI how to best format your questions. You can even simply say, "Ask ChatGPT, could you give me an example of a well-formatted Stack Overflow question with code?" And it'll actually give us a really good formatted question. So it gives us the question, it formats the code for us, it's using this with the three backticks that I showed you in order to get this code block here. It's using three backticks and it's being very verbose in giving all the details of the question.

6. **Posting an issue on github/git.** Obviously when you're out in the wild, and you're actually building things yourself, obviously the education site and the discussions channel of the GitHub repo, the people in these aren't going to have context for the new creative thing that you're working on. So I want you to get used to doing that methodology that we're teaching here. Right? After asking your AI buddy, if your AI buddy doesn't know, Googling, asking questions on Stack Exchange, Ethereum, asking questions on Peeranha, Peeranha is arguably better because you're asking your questions in a decentralized location as opposed to a centralized server. But I definitely want you to practice asking questions, and go to Peeranha, go to Stack Exchange. Make accounts for these so that when you do run into an issue, because you will, you'll know where to post them. I highly encourage you to pause and post a question on one of these forums right now, just so that you get used to it. Just so that you get out of your shell, and you're going to suck at asking questions in the beginning, and that's okay. You will get better at asking questions as you continue with this course. Asking good questions is a skill in itself, and if you learn how to ask very good questions, that's the secret sauce to being amazing at AI prompting as well.

7. **Post in stack exchange or github/git.** Now, the final step in all of this is actually going to be posting an issue on GitHub/git. A surprisingly incredibly important part of being a software engineer and being a developer in Web3 is interacting with the community. The vast majority of these tools that we're working with are going to be something called open source, meaning that the code associated with them is actually available for anybody to view. This tool, Foundry that we're going to be working with is one such example. And, if you see, it has this issues tab where there's just a ton of issues people are posting while using this tool. This is how code is able to be improved and move forward. All this code is public for people to use and work with. And, if there's a question that isn't answered, you can post here and tell the developers of this tool, "Hey, I'm running into an issue, maybe we should make a project improvement." I would say be very respectful with the way that you make issues. You definitely want to do some searching on issues to make sure that nobody else has asked the question that you're working with, and be sure to use these other resources first, like Peeranha, like Stack Exchange. But in the future, once you leave this course, it's going to be incredibly important for you to participate in the ecosystem by making issues, by making pull requests, and actually improving some of the tools that we're going to be working with yourself. Even Ethereum has a GitHub, and, if there's any improvements that you want to make, you can add an EIP to actually improve Ethereum. We'll talk about EIPs some more later. You can improve some of the clients that Ethereum runs, so interacting with each other is incredibly important. And, in fact, if you don't have a GitHub, we are going to get you set up with GitHub right now, because GitHub is a platform that most developers use to share code and write code and interact with code in between each other. So, if you don't have a GitHub, let's sign up right now. And, we're going to use the GitHub to create our own portfolios of all the different cool coding products that we've created. This way, when you go to apply for a job, you can say, "Hey, go look at my GitHub, I've got all these really cool projects."

We're going to walk through formatting a question on GitHub, as well. I know I'm belaboring the point here, but I really really want to stress the importance of formatting these questions really well. So, we're actually going to show a clip from my past video, so we're going to be using the full blockchain facility course JS. But, again, for this video, just be sure to use the GitHub repo associated with this course, and not that other old GitHub repo.
